django-pyodbc development news.

== SVN revision 157 ==

This is the minimal development revision of django-pyodbc trunk you need to use if you are
following Django trunk development and have revision 10026 or newer. An internal  refactoring in handling of Django settings in database connections and cursors has been implemented and this made necessary modifications implemented in r155 and r157.

We took the opportunity to migrate the DATABASE_ODBC_DRIVER, DATABASE_ODBC_DSN and
DATABASE_ODBC_EXTRA_PARAMS settings to the DATABASE_OPTIONS dictionary setting. This
will allow django-pyodbc to be compatible with current and future work on multi-database
support for Django.

This is a backward-incompatible change for setups that were using at least one of these 
three settings.

The equivalent DATABASE_OPTIONS keys are 'driver, 'dsn' and 'extra_params' respectively.

== SVN revision 138 ==

Starting with this revision, a new `django-1.0.x` SVN branch is available where
a version of django-pyodbc compatible with the 1.0.x Django branch is being maintained.
This means it's kept stable without being disrupted by the potentially unstable
or buggy changes made on trunk to accompany Django own trunk development.

You can checkout it by using 

{{{
$ svn checkout http://django-pyodbc.googlecode.com/svn/banches/django-1.0.x
}}}

== SVN revision 135 ==

In this revision, code that had been maintained and developed in a testing branch was merged into trunk fixing several bugs in SQL query building without, as far as we know, introducing new bugs. there is still work to be done in order to reach the full Django ORM functionality both with SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005.

== SVN revision 79 ==

Backend-specific setting `DATABASE_COLLATE` has been renamed to `DATABASE_COLLATION` to be have a more correct spelling and to be consistent with Django's [http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/settings/#test-database-collation `TEST_DATABASE_COLLATION`] setting.

== SVN revision 66 ==

The backend module name has been changed in a backwards incompatible way, you will need to change your `DATABASE_ENGINE` setting from `'mssql'` to `'sql_server.pyodbc'`.

== SVN revision 30 ==

Updated code to be compatible with Django as of [http://code.djangoproject.com/changeset/8426 r8426].

Also, works has been started to merge fixes and changes from a development branch to trunk, to be in good shape to accompany the imminent Django 1.0 release.

== SVN revision 24 ==

Updated code to be compatible with Django as of [http://code.djangoproject.com/changeset/8296 r8296] (see Django ticket [http://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/5461 #5461]).

== SVN revision 21 ==

Updated code to be compatible with Django as of [http://code.djangoproject.com/changeset/8131 r8131] (see Django ticket [http://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/7560 #7560]).